Add CrUX History API documentation (#5087)
GoogleChrome/developer.chrome.com: site/en/docs/crux/methodology/index.md

<td>Core web vitals</td>
<td>No dimensions</td>
<td>Three months</td>
<td>Page Group <a href="#footnote-6"><sup>6</sup></a></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table></div>

<p>
<a id="footnote-1"><sup>1</sup></a> Monthly data is released on the second Tuesday after each monthly collection period. The last 28 days of each month period are included.<br>
<a id="footnote-2"><sup>2</sup></a> 28-day rolling average data is updated daily, based on the aggregated data from the previous 28 days.<br>

> <a id="footnote-3"><sup>3</sup></a> Weekly historical data is released every Monday, containing the previous 25-week collection periods. Each period covers a 28-day period from Sunday to Saturday.<br>

Reviewer: ... containing the previous 25-week collection periods. Each period covers a 28-day period from Sunday to Saturday.

maybe instead:

... containing the 25 most recent 28 day collection periods that end in Saturdays.

The [CrUX API](/docs/crux/api/) provides programmatic access to CrUX data by page or origin, and can be further filtered by form factor, effective connection type and metrics.

> The API provides [Web Vitals](https://web.dev/vitals/) metrics both by origin and at page-level and the data is updated daily. The only values provided for metrics are calculated from the previous 28 days as a rolling window. Historical data is available via [a separate API](#tool-crux-historical-api).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The API provides [Web Vitals](https://web.dev/vitals/) metrics both by origin and at page-level and the data is updated daily. The only values provided for metrics are calculated from the previous 28 days as a rolling window. Historical data is available via the separate [History API](#tool-crux-historical-api).
```

Reviewer 2: Also update the URL if the heading below changes

The CrUX API returns more quickly than the [PageSpeed Insights API](#tool-psi-api) but does not include the additional [Lighthouse data](https://developers.google.com/search/blog/2018/11/pagespeed-insights-now-powered-by) provided by PageSpeed Insights.

[Read more in the API documentation](/docs/crux/api/).

> ### CrUX Historical API {: #tool-crux-historical-api}

Reviewer 2: Should it be referred to as the "History API" throughout?

The [CrUX Historical API](/docs/crux/historical-api/) provides programmatic access to CrUX historical data by page or origin, and can be further filtered by form factor, effective connection type and metrics.

The API provides [Web Vitals](https://web.dev/vitals/) metrics both by origin and at page-level and the data is updated weekly. The only values provided for metrics are calculated from the past 25 weekly collection periods of 28 days as a rolling window.

> [Read more in the Hisorical API documentation](/docs/crux/historical-api/).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[Read more in the History API documentation](/docs/crux/history-api/).
```
